docs: warning that runtime checks are incompatible with DefaultRouter… (#2022)
ngrx/platform: projects/ngrx.io/content/guide/store/configuration/runtime-checks.md

export class AppModule {}
```

<div class="alert is-important">

> Runtime checks cannot be enabled if you use `@ngrx/router-store` with the `DefaultRouterStateSerializer`. The [default serializer](guide/router-store/configuration) returns a router state that is not serializable and contains references on components which should not be immutable. To use runtime checks either use the `MinimalRouterStateSerializer` or implement a custom router state serializer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The serializability runtime checks cannot be enabled if you use `@ngrx/router-store` with the `DefaultRouterStateSerializer`. The [default serializer](guide/router-store/configuration) has a unserializable router state and actions that are not serializable. To use the serializability runtime checks either use the `MinimalRouterStateSerializer` or implement a custom router state serializer.
This also applies to Ivy with immutability runtime checks. 
```

> Runtime checks cannot be enabled if you use `@ngrx/router-store` with the `DefaultRouterStateSerializer`. The [default serializer](guide/router-store/configuration) returns a router state that is not serializable and contains references on components which should not be immutable. In order to use runtime checks either use the `MinimalRouterStateSerializer` or implement a custom router state serializer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Runtime checks cannot be enabled if you use `@ngrx/router-store` with the `DefaultRouterStateSerializer`. The [default serializer](guide/router-store/configuration) returns a router state that is not serializable and contains references on components which should not be immutable. To use runtime checks either use the `MinimalRouterStateSerializer` or implement a custom router state serializer.
```
